inventory_system_fixed.py:20:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system_fixed.py:25:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system_fixed.py:31:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system_fixed.py:34:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system_fixed.py:39:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system_fixed.py:43:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system_fixed.py:53:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system_fixed.py:57:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system_fixed.py:64:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system_fixed.py:76:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system_fixed.py:79:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system_fixed.py:89:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system_fixed.py:92:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system_fixed.py:102:80: E501 line too long (81 > 79 characters)
inventory_system_fixed.py:111:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system_fixed.py:114:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system_fixed.py:129:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system_fixed.py:147:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system_fixed.py:150:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system_fixed.py:164:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system_fixed.py:169:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system_fixed.py:173:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system_fixed.py:176:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system_fixed.py:180:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system_fixed.py:184:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system_fixed.py:189:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system_fixed.py:192:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system_fixed.py:197:11: W292 no newline at end of file
